Overview

My project connects to the www.IEXcloud.io API with the Rest-Client gem, I then parse stock data with the use of the JSON gem.  When I pass in a stock as an argument to the IEXcloud.io API, I receive a response in the form of an array of hashes.  I then take my response hash and obtain the attributes of the stock quote requested through the use of mass assignment and reject any attributes that are not specified by the attribute accessor.  A user of the stock price cli api Data gem can sign in, all prompts and inputs from those prompts are handled by the TTY-Prompt gem.  Once signed in, a new user is instantiated.  The user will then be prompted to enter a stock which will be validated from a stock list array of arrays with that contains all the stocks currently traded on all American exchanges.  A list with over 6900 currently traded stocks.  After a stock is chosen a new stock object is instantiated via the Stocks class.  To view the stock instantiated a StocksImporter object is created.  I pass the instantiated Stock object as arguments to the methods created to pull certain details from those objects.  Those methods include collecting the selection of stocks objects that have been searched as well as the seeded stock objects returning a list of all the stock objects instantiated.  Two methods that find the highest and lowest price among the seeded data set stock objects.  As well as a method that compares all the stocks in the data set and returns the one with the biggest change in price.  A user can also exit the application only through the selection of exit.